so step one of scansion we're talking
about the process of scansion here just
is marking the Rhythm so we can see it
so step one is to put in the wands and
we've done that we've got up low B Soul
soft hard wet Royal Rock Miss hole right
everybody heard those so those are our
wands and we actually have four on each
line right so we have a regular rhythm
going here which you could hear if we
read the loud of course but the second
step is really fun the second step is to
put
in this little U shape at the bottom of
your definitions you can see right here
it's called a
cup the bottom of your definition shape
so the other syllables are going to get
that little U shape so if you just take
your sheet right now and you put the
cups over the other syllables that
didn't get a wand